# September 10, 2024

I reformatted my journal and started to use unity for coding my game.
Response to prompt: Explanation of directions was good and easy to follow and the only challenges I experienced was from my own fault.

# September 2, 2024
I struggled with Python only because it overcomplicates itself, and the main thing I do when it comes to a coding environment is overcomplication. I tend to overcomplicate things so when things are already overcomplicated it makes it so I can't track where I leave off. I also forget the commands in Python more often than not. In my experience of coding, i'm just not a fan of Python because of its complication, I prefer things like JavaScript and block code where I can build to that overcomplication level rather than just get to it.
# September 19, 2024
This is a free week, I also laughed at unity over the past few days.
# September 26, 2024
I laughed at Unity some more and tried to do something outside the lesson, it didn't work the way I thought it would. Its important to follow exact instructions to exactly replicate an end result. The thing about code is one small misunderstanding can shatter the entire program, precision is key to avoid this. Characters in coding can mean a lot, _ and - are not the same.
# September 30, 2024
Computer science can take roles in making A.I that runs machinery in virtually anything. Computer science impacts everyone regardless if they don't know about it. A.I can run experimental data through filters and do calculations that people would take days for. A.I speeds up the overall ability to live through assisting those who require quick calculations in their work, through some way or another it ties back to you.
# October 8, 2024
Game designers design the entertainment of the upcoming generation of gaming. Through rigorous work in code ranging from JavaScript to Unity, and others i'm too lazy to list. Game designers also come from a wide variety of backgrounds, some coming fresh out of high school and others graduating from specialized schools for coding and development. These people can grow in whatever direction they want to set their mind to and have no real designated path to go in their field. This is the kind of job allowing freedom and determination to flourish, I struggle to follow exacts, but find a way to make it work so this field really speaks to me, also I play video games so that might influence it a little.
# October 15, 2024
Coding can improve problem solving skills very easily, as precision is crutial to coding functional programs. All fields of jobs are linked to these programs through a web or direct link, like how physicians use technology to improve their results. Coding enhances creativity through the limitless potential of coding application. Coding is able to improve upon existing systems and utilize aspects unseen by humans. Overall the ability for code to be as versatile and applicable to everything is dependent on the people who make the programs.
# October 21, 2024
Coding is a double-edged sword as we all know. It can create programs to help people in the medical field to help save lives. It can make traffic light patterns to reduce accidents in cars. It can make computer software to educate students about computers. It can change the world for the better
Coding can also allow hacking into various interfaces. Coding can allow illegal aquisition of information and identity for others to use. It can facilitate robberies via deactivating camera/surveilence systems. It can allow people to remotely cause crimes so not much evidence is present. Virtual hacking is a major thing that coding can be used for. It can change the world for the worse.
# October 28, 2024
Virtual voting is easier for the public to vote and also for the public to rig. The people behind the system can just adjust one number and help the party they think is good. If somebody was to adjust voting numbers by one in the other party's favor that party would be at an advantage over the other. It can change the world, just the minds of the people are how it changes.
# November 4, 2024
Nowadays we share information over the internet more often than we don't, so how do we keep this information safe? You can save your data from sharing by making it only visible to you and a set of people you wish to share data with. If we don't use these basic precautions other people might take that information and use it wher you aren't. Like using your bank account to get money, but that person isn't you. I have shared phone numbers but never anything I thought was too personal. You can simply not share information you don't want to with the people you're working with, not all information is required. You don't have to share your bank account password with everyone.
# November 12, 2024
The recent election has people in my community and around the US furious. People don't like that Trump won, you probably know the rest. After this my comminty had quite a few problems with the people who supported trump. Some arrests, some physical violence, the whole nine yards. These people have problems solving problems (Ironic). 
Now for how computer science can assist here is quite simple, prevention of botting votes, finding hackers who can change these votes. The overall organization of the votes can also be assisted by computer science, whether it be through software or setting up firewalls. Through accurate utilization of computer software and A.I we can fix the major flaws of the political voting system.
# November 19, 2024
I'll just lead with the downsides of technological reliance for food production and transport. Major one: human error, more specifically power outages or somebody forgetting to charge something may lead to the whole system of getting food from one place to another collapsing or being delayed more likely. However the accessibility of food being transported hasn't really changed much other than more consistant routes from point A to point B. It doesn't make food cheaper but it overall makes food easier to get consistantly at local stores and resteraunts.
# December 2, 2024
AI's development is far from unheard of, and the convolutional neural networks made to facilitate AI's thinking and reasoning allow its capabilities to far surpass anything previously possible by AI. AI's advance can impact the world through more easily accessible information and more autonomous machinery being used in many fields like agriculture and construction. It can impact my own view of my career through what type of AI to utilize in video games and software to maximize efficiency of the project. The Case Western Reserve University's explanation on convolutional neural networks utilized in things people don't think much of, like autocorrection when typing, and the complexity behind the development of quality of life applications and additions to software. The limitless potental behind AI can cause some recklessness by AI in the future, so rules must be placed into it so AI can stay controlled and not cause problems to the public, as for me, I see AI to be a powerful tool in the progression of society if people use it where it is needed most.
# December 9, 2024
Brain rot is a term made to describe those who lack the mental strength to think of doing actions that are not with AI or social media. I think social media has had a negative impact on me over the past year only because the amount of idiots online rises with every coming year. Slop and lore are two contrasting words and despite what people say, cannot be intertwined without creating abominations of imagination. The state of brain rot is unavoidable, as dumb people get on the internet it spreads this brain rot to those who lack mental fortitude, despite peoples' best actions they can acquire brain rot over time.
# December 16, 2024
I look forward to relaxing over the break and to celebrate cristmas with my family.
# January 8, 2025
I enjoyed being able to do coding at my own pace but sometimes i would forget to do it. I have mostly been trying to work with unity and i wanted to try working with blender soon, but thats probably a ways away. I want to continue to work with unity and work with blender in the future of this class. I want to get a unity certification but I get distracted easily, a bit of readjustment every once in a while would help a lot.
# January 13, 2025
This shift towards AI is something tat was bound to happen eventually, its the overall viewpoint of a company; why pay somebody to do something an AI can do so much faster? All it takes is a bit of investment from a company to gain this great benefit of more profit due to having less people in the teams of projects. A reliable way to get a job in this changing economy is to learn how to utilize AI in various fields where applicable so you can get hired to instruct an AI to do something. This ability to instruct an AI to perform a task isn't able to be done by everybody, which means those who already are educated in this field need to train people to do their job before they retire.
# January 22, 2025
Government involvement in banning apps like TikTok can cause populations to become outraged at certain aspects lost. Companies like TikTok can't really argue with governments because everything they defend themselves with will be rephrased and made worse so the companies look worse. In the example of the U.S government is their infatuation with TikTok being involved with china even though it is based in singapore. The companies will always lose this battle until the nations' population hates the action of banning the application enough.
If I was in a similar situation as TikTok I would attempt to justify that Singapore and China are two different places. I would design a security feature that makes it so no sources can access stored data until the setting is turned off. This would improve security for users but be very difficult to design and improve. I can take situations like this into my own projects in the aspect of estabishing user data security alongside functionality in the future. The systems would probably break each other so I'd have to overcomplicate them.
# February 3, 2025
Air Traffic control can always be optimized for success but can never reach perfection, we would need to go on the path where adding more data into the air traffic systems to accurately make better paths. Have calculations count with a relative path rather than exact so planes don't have to go near each other in the start. This will make planes be in proximity to each other almost never so that they cannot collide with each other making incidents. Via this design change it will bring some complications on pathing for planes but raise the safety of the flights.
Following this would be a sequence of checking for bugs via "practice paths" where a flight is simulated that has already happened to test if the results are different. Via checking with the exact conditions as the previous flight, people can check for error through the comparison of the previous flight. These "practice paths" would occur frequently so passengers are under maximized safety. This reduces error and can save many lives over the course of time.
# January 27, 2025
    | Name     | Car | Mistake |
    | :------- | :-- | :------ |
    | Jimmy    | Honda Civic    |  Drilled hole in gas tank       |
    | Kayla    | GMC Sierra    | Fix wrong problem        |
    | Bart     | Toyota Corolla    | Left stains on carpet        |
    | Harrison | Subaru Forester    | Left oil cap off        |
# February 11, 2025
| Shape    | Color | Count |
| -------- | ----- | ----- |
| Circle   |  green     |   7    |
| Square   |  yellow     |   5    |
| Hexagon  |  brown     |  6     |
| Triangle |  purple     |   4    |
| Octagon  |  red     |   3    |
# February 18, 2025
I recently learned that C++ printing words is annoying. I learned it from a youtube video and it was kinda funny watching somebody struggle with printing simple statements.
# February 24, 2025
Technology can help bridge a gap between the generations in the future. Programs can give a relative definition of slang terms and keep formality simultatiously for those who lack understanding. It can keep the formality one generation is used to and define the slang they've never seen/heard before. Through this bridge the generations of the future can communicate in their environments of preference and understand one another.
Slang should be left for informality. Schools have no need to teach it, just to know it, as the students will learn these slang terms 9 times out of 10. The informality slang terms bring can help simplify things when students lack understanding of a topic but these terms should stay out of their works outside social media. The schools don't need to teach these terms but they need to know them in case somebody can't understand in regular terms.
# March 17, 2025
I used technology to play with my friends online to play some multiplayer games. We played on platforms like roblox and standalone games like Marvel Rivals. I ended up just playing around and not doing anythings serious over the span of a few days. We ended up not ranking up due to idiotic ideas and dumb stuff and had fun.
I also ended up watching various videos on random things and finding a Roblox game that actually helped me understand JavaScript a little bit. I actually want to learn more JavaScript thanks to this random discovery of a game. I ended up playing it a lot and now know the basics to JavaScript, I think. I hope I can apply this knowledge later in class.
# March 24, 2025 
The media and technology of today influence the viewing conditions of the spectators of various sports, like the March Madness, by making many unfavorable conditions of being at a stadium bearable. Technology allows people to see events from the comfort of their own homes and save some money. These streaming services allow people to watch events they want, any time they want without inconveniencing the events themselves. This allows people from around the world to experience these events without taking away the quality of the experience from the people who bought stadium tickets.
These media platforms also allow people to share moments of events that were outstanding performances or just straight up fumbles. This allows people to be amazed at these moments or laugh at them even when they missed the event. These media platforms also allow people who missed these events to watch them when they get the time to via recording the events. This increases viewership for the event while also providing entertainment for the viewers when they want it.
# March 31, 2025
Im usually tired when I get to school, not from lack of sleep but just mental state. My statistics class has been the most stressful class because it likes to fabricate numbers out of thin air most of the time. I usually play video games or play TCGs when I get stressed out.My goal for this year is to pass, then find out what im doing with my life. My friend Edward, we talk about TCGs and random things a lot.
# April 7, 2025
A.I can prepare people for the past through quick recap, but I don't think AI will hold its valued position as a tutor for the length of time it appears to show. AI is great in school environments, but it isn't prepared to teach people jobs and careers, as these environments are unpredictable. AI can easily help academic environments but should overall stick to tutoring in schools and shouldn't go past that. AI grabs information from many sites at once and can bring some information that might be irrelevant to some questions in schools, but can bring valuable information that can help ease students into understanding subjects.
AI can't really help me other than in organization purposes, since I test in a way ai can find abnormal. I prefer to not review information and let me remember it from my notes/class. This allows me to truly test what I know about a subject. Another reason is that Ive noticed when I study I do MUCH worse on tests. I mainly can't utilize ai because of my tendency to truly test my knowledge.
